- [Instructor] So now that we've created some data
and we've read some data, it's time to jump in
and actually update some data in our database.
I'd like you to open up your IDE
And once again,
we're going to go to source main Java,
open up our base package and open up the customer DAO.
Once again, we are going to add in,
A private static final string,
and this time we're going to call it update,
and we're going to set that equal
to give a little bit more real state here on the screen.
We're going to create a statement
that says update customer set
and then we're going to go through our whole object
and set all of our values.
So first name equals question mark,
last_name equals question mark
and all the way through the rest of our object.
And then we're going to set it where,
Customer ID equals question mark.
And that's all there is to the update statement itself.
So now let's scroll down to our update method,
and we're ready to implement it.
So just like we've done before,
we'll create a customer object and set it equal to null,
and then we were going to do our try with resources.
And as we've also done before,
we will catch our sequel exception
and now we're ready to implement our method.
So just like in our creates statement,
we're going to go through our list.
But this time notice
that we're also going to have to add an ID at the end.
So we actually can come down here to the create statement
and copy everything.
And then at the very end just add, statement.setLong,
and it's going to be nine and dto.getId.
And once that's done, we will do a statement that execute.
And then we will set our customer equal to this.findById
and again, pass it in our dto.getId,
and now the very end of our method.
We will return our customer
and that's all there is to the update statement itself.
Now let's go back to our JOBC executer,
and we're going to modify our method here a little bit.
So what we're going to do is we're going to do a customer,
equal to customer DAO.findById.
And we're going to pass it in 10,000.
Now that should be the value for the George Washington
that we added a couple of videos ago.
However, if you had issues on your create,
you may have increased the sequence number a few.
And if you've done that,
go ahead and run a postgres command,
to select all in or by the customer ID in descending order,
so that you can actually get the value
that you need to put in here.
But essentially this is what you created
with the create customer.
So we will do a System.out.printline,
and we will send in as we've done before,
our customer.firstname plus a space,
plus our customer.lastname,
plus a space plus a customer.getEmail.
And that should give us some idea,
of what we want to print here.
So now we're going to take our customer
and we're going to set our email,
instead of what we had before of George.Washington.
We're going to set this to gwashington@whitehouse.gov.
And then we will do a customer on our customer DAO.update,
and we will pass in this customer object itself.
So now we've got a new handle on it
and we will simply copy and paste this printout command.
And now we're ready to run our method.
So what you will see is the first round went through
and we printed out the george.washington@whitehouse.gov.
And then after we made our update,
it's now gwashington@whitehouse.gov.
And that's what we expect to see on a simple update command.
And that's how you do updates in JOBC.